feat: change route helper logic (#30)
RonasIT/laravel-chat: README.md

3. For Laravel <= 5.5 add `ronasit\Chat\ChatServiceProvider::class` to the `app.providers` list in config.
4. Set your project's User model to the `chat.classes.user_model` config.
5. All routes are registered by default, you can change the route registration by calling `Route::chat()` in your routes file (e.g. `routes/api.php`).

>    - feel free to call `Route::chat()` helper inside any route wrappers like `group`, prefix, etc. to wrap package routes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - feel free to call `Route::chat()` helper inside any route wrappers like `group`, `prefix`, etc. to wrap package routes;
```

3. For Laravel <= 5.5 add `ronasit\Chat\ChatServiceProvider::class` to the `app.providers` list in config.
4. Set your project's User model to the `chat.classes.user_model` config.
5. All routes are registered by default, you can change the route registration by calling `Route::chat()` in the `routes/api.php` file. 

>    - if you only want to register specific routes call `Route::chat()` with arguments.
>    - if you want to add these routes to a special group with any prefix or middleware, call `Route::chat()` inside that group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - feel free to call `Route::chat()` helper inside any route wrappers like `group`, prefix, etc. to wrap package routes;
   - calling `Route::chat()` without args will add all package route inside the calling helper place;
   - calling `Route::chat()` with any args will add only routes with chosen actions;
```
